---
layout: post
title: Whats the point..
subtitle: my take on nhilism
cover-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [books, test]
---

What’s the point? I study, get into college, marry someone, retire and die. In this 18 years, I have experienced big and great moments. But I only remember the smallest of them, the most subtle ones, Walking in the hills in the spring, staring at the infinite night sky, a lonely walk in the woods. So what's the point of all this running around. It doesn't make sense . or does it? All the traditions, rituals, complexities of life do they have a meaning. Or are we just a speckle of energy enveloped in stardust in the infinite timeline of the universe waiting to die? Or is there a greater purpose to it? Have you had any similar thoughts?
       

If yes, then you need an introduction to Nihilism. It’s a belief that life is meaningless, it has no purpose, no responsibilities, no loyalties. It is an absolute rejection of all religions and beliefs. If you are wondering, then I do not consider myself a nihilist. But I consider myself to be in a weird philosophical position. There are times when I feel a sense of purposelessness creep into my thoughts. At certain times I tend to question everything. Your beliefs and your ethics are the basis of your living, and once you start questioning it, it can be tricky. Not even complicated questions but a simple question like “why” can be a virus into your existential thoughts. In my opinion “Why” is the most destructive of them all. Start from literally anything and just keep asking yourself “why.” you will eventually reach a point where it will be a matter of questioning your existence. It is not that I see life to be purposeless but what angers me is the inability to explain our existence. Why is there something rather than nothing? Be it religions or be it science no one can answer the simple question “why.”And that is what angers me. I do not think that that this anger is same as a nihilist's despair or lifelessness. A least I question my existence.            
When humankind came into existence we noticed that we were special, we could think and question, we started feeling that whole existence is about us and that we were the hero in this story of the universe. But as we evolved, we found that we were not the centre of the universe, and we are just a tiny part of the infinite timeline. We may never come to know, Who created this universe or why. But we should feel special because we are the thinking and feeling part of it. We are as special as a black hole or supermassive nebulae if not better. Considering you have used a major chunk of time that you have, there is no point not being happy and making your life better. We should do what makes us feel good, and we should get to decide whatever this existence means to us.
